a detective mystery with just one
picture to exercise your brain you don't
have to multiply ten digit numbers in
your head sometimes all it takes is one
picture with a hidden explanation behind
it now can you solve our unusual brain
teaser let's figure it out here's the
story it was a hot summer day and a
police detective decided to catch a
little Sun by the banks in the river
suddenly he heard a woman crying what's
happened he asked him please calm down
and tell me everything one step at a
time that's easy for you to say that the
girl between sobs you can't even imagine
how dear that bracelet was to me I come
here every day today I took off my
bracelet while sunbathing place it on
top of my book and accidentally fell
asleep I woke up and my bracelet wasn't
there anymore
the inspector fell into deep thought
there were no footsteps left by other
people on the stand around the girl
apart from her own there were no other
people in the vicinity it followed that
only one of the regular visitors to the
beach could have taken the bracelet
these people had now formed a thick wall
all around the inspector he looked at
them and within a moment understood who
could have seen in it can you work out
who stole the bracelet take your time
and have a closer look at the picture
[Music]
man that's time so have you solved the
mystery sure you have the only person
who could reach the bracelet without
leaving any footsteps in the sand is the
one with the fishing rod he was the
first person to fall under suspicion
have you enjoyed the video then hit that
thumbs up button don't forget to share
it with your friends let them try to be
a detective if you're visiting our
channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]